hi guys this pie productions 9a9 here
and this is my 12 video for my new and
exciting mini Lego series from my mini
little marbles
so today I'll be teaching you how to
make a mini Lego golden pyramid stand /
thing yeah it's all to be teaching you
how to do that okay so yeah okay we just
call it with Legos peppermint and stand
let go put on the table there we go
how's the one okay it's for this project
what you need is two of those and two by
threes let's see better so see two of
these 2 by M threes you need one we need
14 of those either a gold or silver
studs I've got gold here then you need
for regular grace notes or the same set
color which might and which matches
these plates and then the same you need
a 1 by 3 is okay to do that kind of
lower the camera down for you this so
what you need to do is start and take
one of these and placing this on the
round take one and kind of put it next
to it okay
so you form a 3x3 square don't press it
down on the play or something then we
just can see there's this little space
here you take two by six don't you have
to do is you have to thing you can fill
space so it's like this okay and then
you did that so there you go you have a
3x3 square which is 2 plates hi next
what you do is you take the array starts
and you have to put them in the corners
so it looks like it's a little table
with legs here yes
next what you did now you take your gold
pieces must be best bar what you do
there's
have to go all around the whole you know
okay so if you don't have that many gold
studs inside to a brownstone or
something but uncle he police so this so
you got something like this that's what
you do you have to get in the middle
this is kind of hard so what you might
want to do just get a 1 by 1 brick I'm
gonna do here so what you need to do is
you get a put it in the middle over here
so what you want to do is you want to
take your 1 by 1 brick with your stuff
here and you have to place it in the
middle like this thing you have to
doesn't work all the time but you have
to kind of play around with it maybe I
don't know don't put that hard enough
well we just got a some way that's not
gonna weigh up to precedently see like
this you have to do it all run so it's
gonna be four of those all right Oh see
it's a little hard to do here
yeah my actually the brick what you know
it's not working
yeah I lost one here this would be a
pretty tight fit can't be old but can be
looser I did okay whatever press down
and
oh and this fell out no okay
I'm so sorry guys I have to watch me
trying to stress here but um oh okay
I'll just pause the video and I'll be
back
oh there we go Oh
two minutes dude come on
so tired okay animate so this is how I
should look like starting to get shape
now if you want this to be a really not
fragile but really nice a sturdy what
you have to do is get some sticky tack a
little blob and put it in the middle and
school wish it so see so check that work
down when you turn the light on here do
you guys see it should be something like
this
oh I focus I focus la la la la la yeah
see oh how nice this is
okay what so what you do is then go see
last bit you have to take the whole
thing and last stud right on top there
you got it you have made this nice
little pyramid of gold
maybe you just say I don't know coins or
something but yeah so hope you enjoyed
this this is a hundred percent mark
again I'm just bored and I made this so
yeah hope you guys enjoyed this video
and again this is 12 video of my mini
LEGO creations
and please like comment and subscribe
woohoo cold thank you